Hahaha, do you still want people to live?
Forget it, what do you think we did?
This thing is left.
Oh, forget it, forget it.
He won't be at home for two days
Not with him
Yeah, mom.
So just bear with it
After this year, you can be quiet
So ugly
It's like I'm sleeping longer and longer
Almost dead
Nice
Hey, you are too lazy in summer, you don't get up until noon.
What are you doing? Make your mother a few favorite dishes.
Make amends for him
Say sorry to Zhang Yi again.
Just say it's to piss off your mother
Nonsense can cook
But I apologize, I refuse.
Dad, you know I never lie
Oh my god
You are not as obedient as a child
Do what you were told to do as a child
Never been so strong
Your mother has a problem with you after your uncle died
He is your mother after all
Yes
But dad
Why did I become like this?
You clearly know that my uncle's death has nothing to do with me
You know what he did to me when I was a kid, don't you?
Okay, okay, your mother is not well in summer.
And this scandal can't be faked
If anyone knows about your uncle, he
Our family will be poked in the spine by others
So dad
You do it for your so-called spine
Can you sacrifice your daughter?
Ok ok I won't tell you
Oda
I remember you like Coke chicken wings best
Eat fast
Finished eating
Drink this bottle of cough syrup
Your mom bought this especially for you
I'm afraid you'll die of thirst at home.
It's New Year's Eve, bad luck.
Dad?
You really can't eat anything too meaty.
Or you can eat it yourself.
If you don't eat it, get out of here
If you want to make up, paint well
Don't look at him like a ghost
Who do you want to disgust?
Are you trying to scare us to death?
Zhang Jie
Can't we have a good meal?
Why do you have to make us angry?
This Coke chicken wing is your favorite